c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\RestFulDemo.dll.config
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\RestFulDemo.dll
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\RestFulDemo.pdb
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\obj\Debug\RestFulDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\obj\Debug\RestFulDemo.dll
c:\users\phani\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\obj\Debug\RestFulDemo.pdb
C:\Users\phani\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\phani\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RestFulDemo\RestFulDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
